Remove cross-db dbt_utils references (#650)
dbt-labs/dbt-utils: README.md

When an expression falls outside the range, the function returns:

- `0` if the expression is less than min_value.
- `num_buckets + 1` if the expression is greater than or equal to max_value.

**Usage:**

```
{{ dbt_utils.width_bucket(expr, min_value, max_value, num_buckets) }}
```

### Web macros

#### get_url_parameter ([source](macros/web/get_url_parameter.sql))

This macro extracts a url parameter from a column containing a url.

**Usage:**

```
{{ dbt_utils.get_url_parameter(field='page_url', url_parameter='utm_source') }}
```

#### get_url_host ([source](macros/web/get_url_host.sql))

This macro extracts a hostname from a column containing a url.

**Usage:**

```
{{ dbt_utils.get_url_host(field='page_url') }}
```

#### get_url_path ([source](macros/web/get_url_path.sql))

This macro extracts a page path from a column containing a url.

**Usage:**

```
{{ dbt_utils.get_url_path(field='page_url') }}
```

----

### Cross-database macros

These macros make it easier for package authors (especially those writing modeling packages) to implement cross-database
compatibility. In general, you should not use these macros in your own dbt project (unless it is a package)

> Note that most of these macros have now moved to dbt-core. Instead of the `dbt_utils.` namespace, you should now call these macros with the `dbt.` prefix, or without a prefix altogether (as shown in the examples below). They will eventuall be removed from `dbt_utils`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that most of these macros moved to dbt Core as of dbt_utils v0.9.0 and dbt Core v1.2.0, and will soon be removed from `dbt_utils`. 

To access the version defined in dbt Core, remove the `dbt_utils.` prefix (see [https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/cross-database-macros](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/cross-database-macros) for examples). 
```

I think that since this README is also shown to people who are using old versions, we may want to keep the old documentation that includes the `dbt_utils.` prefix. Otherwise people using an older version of utils who follow this advice will get an error message.

As highlighted below, some of the cross-database macros are still in the process of being deprecated.

#### current_timestamp ([source](macros/cross_db_utils/current_timestamp.sql))

*DEPRECATED: This macro is deprecated and will be removed in a future version of the package, once equivalent functionality is implemented in dbt Core.*

This macro returns the current timestamp.

**Usage:**

```
{{ dbt_utils.current_timestamp() }}
```

#### dateadd ([source](macros/cross_db_utils/dateadd.sql))

*DEPRECATED: This macro is now provided in dbt Core. It is no longer available in dbt_utils and backwards compatibility will be removed in a future version of the package.*

This macro adds a time/day interval to the supplied date/timestamp. Note: The `datepart` argument is database-specific.

**Usage:**

```

> {{ dateadd(datepart='day', interval=1, from_date_or_timestamp="'2017-01-01'") }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ dbt_utils.dateadd(datepart='day', interval=1, from_date_or_timestamp="'2017-01-01'") }}
```

As discussed above - since these are the docs for dbt_utils, I think we continue to show the syntax that _works_ in dbt utils (but I think the deprecation warning is great), especially since people generally access the readme on `main` regardless of which version of utils they actually have installed. 

(This feedback applies to all the other macros too, but I don't think there's any use in copy-pasting it across every single one)

Author: Makes sense, I'll update the rest 👍
